all right what does everybody its host
here with our awesome advanced warfare
video for you guys today and I have
something I guess bad news for old gen
console people for advanced warfare now
so you guys may or may not know that
today the the new royalty elite weapons
were released also along with the anon
akimbo sack three variants um we're all
released today for Xbox but not xbox 360
and the reason for that is because
they're not releasing it for xbox 360 or
ps3 obviously so so as of right now only
Xbox one has this this new stuff
playstation 4 and PC will beginning it
is as soon so we don't know how long
that'll be but xbox 360 and playstation
3 will not be getting this update oh oh
no what the heck this happen yes sorry
xbox 360 and playstation 3 will not be
getting this update at all they will not
be getting these non akimbo sec 3 or the
non or the royalty elite uh variants new
variants yeah spit it out there yeah so
um for origin council had a reasoning
for me actually pull it up here they
said the reason for it is due to
hardware limitations and restrictions so
they all we're not gonna do this it also
says a little note here says these elite
weapons are only available on the
current generation of consoles xbox one
playstation 4 and pc we are dedicating
we are dedicated to providing a wide
variety of content to all aw players
wherever possible but in some cases are
unable to include additional content on
the previous gen consoles due to
hardware limitation so um i guess if
you're an old gym you kind of have to
expect this I mean you're still hold gen
they're really focus on the new gym
because of you know people want to
actuate the new gen
and they don't want to have to hold back
because of playstation 3 and xbox one
old gen hardware limitation so that is
why yeah if you guys are not happy about
it I mean don't take it out on me take
it out on them it doesn't really they
could do I mean I'm setting it's a good
thing that they're not eliminate
limiting themselves not doing it on
position for a new gym just because that
the old gent can't do it um speaking of
that guy's my last video stood up about
the the xbox 360 and playstation 3
getting the the going to be released for
black ops 3 then I said was pretty much
almost confirmed some people were saying
on my comment section saying that that
is not really confirmed that there was
actually a typo itself some people say
they have some had a receipt of the xbox
360 I don't even know but I don't know
um just kind of giving you guys a little
update on that BS oh it's just a recap
like i said before xbox 360 and
playstation Stig members will not be
able to get the new stuff so if you guys
really want this update you guys are
gonna have to get up like this before
well in that guy's yeah hope you guys
are in the video please comment and
subscribe guys the neck I will see you
guys next time